autoexport: Add OTEL_METRICS_PRODUCERS environment variable support (#5281)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- `NewSDK` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config` now returns a configured SDK with a valid `MeterProvider`. (#4804)
- Add an EXPERIMENTAL `OTEL_METRICS_PRODUCERS` environment variable to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/autoexport` to be set metrics producers. (#5281)

>   -  `prometheus` and `none` are supported values. You can specify multiple producers separated by a comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `prometheus` and `none` are supported values. You can specify multiple producers separated by a comma.
```

>   - `WithFallbackMetricProducer(func(context.Context) (metric.Producer, error))` allows adding a fallback option if the env var is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add `WithFallbackMetricProducer` option allowing adding a fallback if the `OTEL_METRICS_PRODUCERS` is not set or empty.
```
